Welcome to the HVM Alan CSSA master class this class will teach you web programming from the ground
up using HTL Maol and CSSA you don't need any prior experience in these languages to follow along with
this course.
In fact I designed this course specifically with the absolute beginner in mind.
If you have some experience using HVM Ellen CSSA You can also gain great benefit from this course because
it will fill in any gaps you may have in your knowledge.
During the first half of the course you will learn HVM owl a language used to define web content.
The second half of the Course will teach you ss a language that is used to style and customize the display
of web content.
First we will look at downloading and installing an ID or interactive development environment.
The editor with which we will write our code I will be demonstrating this course using Visual Studio
code.
But you can use whatever idea you prefer.
Once we are up and running in our ID we will jump into the fundamentals of HVM L..
We will learn what each T.M. is and some of the basic functionality that it provides us.
After that we will learn how to display data in ancient M-L data in HVM Eliz displayed in many forms
including lists tables layouts divs and forms.
We will cover each of these in detail.
Then we will look at colors and HGL color is an important aspect of web development and we will learn
the various ways that each female gives us to render color to a webpage.
Next we will learn about how to embed media and graphics and HVM.
This will include how to embed video or audio other web pages and shapes into our web page.
After that we will take a deep dive into HVM tags.
We will learn about formatting tags metadata tags and tags new to HVM L5 the HVM our global attributes
section will teach the different attributes that apply to all HVM elements.
We will also learn some of the new global attributes as of HVM L5.
After that we will learn about events and HMO events allow us to trigger a response based on a user
action and are therefore an important part of programming interactive and responsive web pages.
We will start to combine all of these skills when we look at layouts and web pages and HVM now and how
we can build full web pages out of the skills that we learned.
Then we will gain hands on HVM experience practicing the skills taught thus far this section of the
course will be particularly useful as it shows how techniques taught in different sections of the course
come together to create a website.
After that we will learn about SH T.M. Exige Chmela is a version of H-2 him out with stricter syntax
rules and we will explore what it is.
Its syntax.
The benefits of using X HVM mail and how to convert code from HVM male to female to wrap up our study
of each each.
We will look at how we can debug and solve errors in our code.
We will run through some common Urooj and steps that we can take to fix them.
We will also look at tools that we can use to make detecting and fixing errors in our code easier.
The second half of this course will cover CSSA.
First we will look at the fundamental concepts of CSSA and how we can begin to Starla web content that
we create NHT email.
After that we will learn about how to use CSSA to modify text.
We will look at how we can apply fonts and effects to our text elements CSSA gives us many options for
specifying and customizing the color of our elements and we will go over the options it provides.
Then we will look at CSSA properties so that you can gain a full understanding of the power that CSSA
will give you over stylize in your HVM elements.
We will then learn how we can use CSSA to customize and tables including how we can modify table alignment
and cool effects we can add to tables to make them stand out.
After that we will look at how we can stylize lists using CSSA including modifying lists type's properties
and colors.
Then we will learn about animations and CCS including the fundamentals of animating elements using C
Ss and both 2D and 3D animation.
The animation properties section will cover several of the properties that we can animate using CSSA
and have many hands on examples that allow us to get a feel for working with animation.
Buttons are an important part of any webpage.
And CSSA gives us several options for styling our buttons and this section of the course we will learn
how to add hover and click states to her buttons and how to apply animation to our buttons.
Then we will learn about pseudo classes and selectors.
To put it simply pseudo classes and selectors are how we can control what styles apply to what web content
CSSA at.
Rules allow us to specify how our style sheets behave.
We will learn how we can use these rules to our advantage in this section of the course.
After that we will cover some advanced CSSA techniques we will learn how to add gradients chateaus and
other special effects to our Web elements.
We will put together the knowledge that we learned in the previous sections as we use CSSA style entire
web pages.
You will get hands on CSSA practice as we apply these concepts.
Hands on then we will look at how we can debug and fix erroneous CSSA code to wrap up our study of CSX.
We will look at some useful CSSA specifics such as CSSA entities and CSSA units by the end of this course
you will understand how to use HVM to create content for web pages and CSSA to stylize that content.
After learning the concepts taught this course and following along with the hands on practice sections
you will have a solid understanding of the fundamentals of web development.